get them got him
gang stuff hey I know you
my shit begin hard to get some
constipated and I ain't with that
talking in the conversation it ain't
cuff for nothing that's just
complications smoking no cuff the got a
nigga day so I'm walking lazy waiting
for up to pop out so I can blaze amok
and put that shit on I ain't got no
patience hit his face no the niccola in
the ER just the patient speed wasting
this paper I'm blazing purple hazing of
anxious I hate to take your shit but hey
look just know that I know that you
niggas some holes we kicking down doors
on y'all haters I will not propose I
rather be on a black cooler with bro I
do this how do you not know got the
bitch from her girl I can't hit her
alone money keep calling I pick up the
phone I'm a king with his throne with
the beaters bones don't stop to the
nigga lesions of oh swear they got black
bow
Tomica the master my gosh pardon me is
nothing wrong in my smoking allow
another couple for me catch me no are at
the table yo three give it up top for
this bunker the loud please don't stop
till I bucks on your mom I know I know I
know
oh did you get a claiming to be ain't
gonna change
it's the fucking this money I make it
will not change your site still the same
niggas still wanna say painful Superman
nigga but in English don't think these
season six if you drop on the white
dropsies nigga you get drugs today be
dyt cover two with the clock as they say
blame who see if you count by the same
people soon but it's not in this Way's
people pop by this babe
growin up she was different but making
me now this is realistic is but look it
because he gets real it in it so i'ma
ball hard like feel them I see that
little ball like it's cut very great
many fall like that girl from suing them
jumpers its way in the hustler